Well, hello everyone decided to do here first
its let's say so on the technique on
the Chinese one, this is my second quad
the first was 500 a bit later too on him
I will make a review on it run for more than
on 800 ki about mileage and a half thousand
principle technique happy with this result
I'll start with 8 weave perhaps and tell you what
shoals which defects
that got on it run while I
small
in my area 500 kilometers is even
did not remove the limiter see how much
mileage 400 35 kilometers principle is simple
today's pokatushki home going to the body
shoot already limiter further more already
I will expose a detailed review how to go
after removing the restrictions well and
accordingly I want to
official answered some questions
according to him
what cant got out want to know and how it
can be corrected accordingly for this
mileage bought it new immediately speak without
run set on him extra
this is the protection of the entire bottom
accordingly, here it is in front like that
right now I'll take pictures from the bottom so I do not know
will not be seen as something set
respectively, coffer because we go
almost always wife doubled therefore
heels basically the right things further
what what shoals that are not satisfied
Now it is a principle on the engine
running all the rest quality all
fine everything is wonderful the only thing
that when operating on snow around
the rest is stuck here this
brake
Here it is, I press the stem here
brake master cylinder made
accordingly, well, not very well done
it will be now
removed the protection from the threshold right as at 90
snow and just the brake did not sell
accordingly, the back was not included
speed
Well, sometimes the shape of the nipples need to
the ATV took off the defense of what it gave
principle by and large did not give any
something that is also lost but protection and
Now that's on hand for example it can be seen
here here you see the arm with prolaziet
here before all this was not
responsible snow clogged him need
had to pick out either a screwdriver or me
Here is this mane assembly hair dryer do
constantly just constantly already
honestly tired the decision was made
unprotect threshold right after that
at least when pokatushki push hand
the snow is pressed through these parts
w here these here then Screwdriver
let's say this 1 kasya who is very
did not like much but really prevents
operation in winter
Well for the rest I can say
winch until the whole sweet honestly
speaking of course stuck to him
I run in a little while
how can I say that run in but
at least some pigtails already
start to crawl out
and further further further I advise everyone
guys redo the rear mount
tow bar
Here I have now hitch pulled
I took it twice probably
here is his fingers chateau
he dangles all the fixings i mean i
I will redo it under the through bolts
put a lot of trouble and put
strong bolts to at least somehow be possible
it was pulling him well accordingly
let's say so cant this one my fall in love
flew off there will be snow in time
cleaned the ice we crowded their wheel
Sherpa Chris flew off
on the bottom on the bottom of the bottom is difficult
ride in the winter on the bottom sticks so much
food that traffic clearance becomes
5 centimeters just plant on any
wants to eat constantly belora on
farther farther farther and each
trips are advised by whom I do not know who is like
I create a registry office appliances follow so
I guess they do it now
I know you can not see the sleeping bags between
protect and captivate and accordingly such
feeling like protection is not
designed for working winter
snow sticks on her
the snow all quad starts was
replaced and heavier than tees and anthers all
start to tear and everything else is easier
until there was any damage on it
no oddly enough guys
feared for chinese injector that he
just break in winter will not start yet
something but we have the Samara region frost
were in the country in the area probably 27
degrees technique stood on left
the waters of the technique stood for about seven days
came nothing lit nothing sat down
pushed the button earned well honestly
I was thrilled I think I won’t start
in general, respectively, what else on it
tell kofr
I do not know who will buy selected
guys I took off wagons from pyatisotke old
kofr well, to be honest, I don’t
OK
plus here make it click clicking there and
did not stick out as you saw probably it
glove freud
but here he became paid grunts close
the seats
if there is likely to be mounting
redo further further further further
what can I say on the side of it
principle not well entered the turn
plastic walls as pyatisotk
Ie tail in general claims until
no
Head light I do not know throw off the video
or insert a video photo
night pokatushki where the light will be
rearrange on pyatisotkom put xenon
there are no lights at all
distant you can not turn it on just
you can forget that this light is therefore
most likely I will redo everything
for the rest of the protection well I do not know guys
so for me protection is probably the most
The first thing you need to buy on a quad
hemp everything else other plastic
just blows the protection here I personally
I will not turn one not
turned over scratched the whole bottom
and here with this run
operating in the winter for the rest of
In principle, there are no questions yet.
him after removing the restrictions
limiter lay out some video there
four hundred and thirty kilometers later
let's see what will happen
respectively officials will try
we can somehow be this one here
system change date can be raise
lever or something else for the rest in
principle
nothing to say quad their money
exactly worth it and as if I don’t see jambs
so far no
respectively, here is a mini review
scoop for 8 hundred parts as mileage will be
I will deal more with another
amount from us still so look
follow him thanks everyone